{
    "domain": "Academic(icsi)",
    "ami": null,
    "icsi": null,
    "qmsum": {
        "general_query_list": [
            {
                "query": "What was the general discussion of the meeting?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "A pressing concern for the group is the DARPA meeting in July, which is only a short time away, and for which they would like to have some progress.",
                    "PLP results for the front-end look good, with the group also reporting progress in segmentation: Thilo's segmenter will now be used and ways of improving performance investigated; The classifier segmentation is progressing well, especially in the use of prosody for identifying interruption.",
                    "Work on the front end continues, with improvements of 3-5% being made."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 35,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "because {vocalsound} it occurred to me that this is late May and the DARPA meeting is in {pause} mid July ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 208,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "I mean in particular I would {disfmarker} I would really hope that when we do this DARPA meeting in July that we sort of have {disfmarker} we 're {disfmarker} we 're into production mode , somehow {disfmarker}"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 82,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "Y y you guys were doing a bunch of experiments with different front - ends and then with {disfmarker}"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 84,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "We 're improving ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 86,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD D",
                            "content": "Now the {disfmarker} the {disfmarker} You saw the note that the PLP now is getting basically the same as the MFCC ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 89,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "Yeah . Actually it looks like it 's getting better ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 95,
                            "sent_index": 4,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "um , it looks like the vocal tract length normalization is working beautifully , actually ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 95,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "w using the warp factors that we computed for the SRI system and just applying them to the {vocalsound} ICSI front - end ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 107,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "Because in all our previous experiments , we had the {disfmarker} uh , you know , we were essentially cheating by having the , um , you know , the h the hand - segmentations as the basis of the recognition ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 109,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "And so now with Thilo 's segmenter working so well , I think we should {pause} consider doing a {disfmarker}"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 413,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "finding sentence boundaries , finding disfluency boundaries ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 413,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "and then I had done some work on finding from the foreground speech whether or not someone was likely to interrupt ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 413,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "so where {disfmarker} you know , if I 'm talking now and someone {disfmarker} and {disfmarker} and Andreas is about to interrupt me , is he gonna choose a certain place in my speech , either prosodically or word - based ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 413,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "And there the prosodic features actually showed up"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 415,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "the model {disfmarker} the tree classifier was trying to find general locations that were applicable to different speakers ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 415,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "The {disfmarker} but the main limitation now is I {disfmarker} because we 're only looking at things that happen every {vocalsound} ten words or every twenty words , we need more {disfmarker} more data and more data per speaker ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 417,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "And so the classifier learns more about Morgan than it does about sort of the average person ,"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 469,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "But the PLP features work {disfmarker} um , uh , you know , continue to improve the ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 471,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "As I said before , the {disfmarker} uh using Dan 's , uh , uh , vocal tract normalization option works very well ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 489,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "Well , but if you add them all up you have , uh , almost five percent difference now ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 556,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "And I think I agree with you that if we fixed lots of different things and they would all add up , we would probably have a {disfmarker} a {disfmarker} a competitive system ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 556,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "But I think not that much of it is due to the front - end per se ."
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            }
        ],
        "specific_query_list": [
            {
                "query": "What was decided on DARPA?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "A pressing concern for the group is the DARPA meeting in July, which is only a short time away, and for which they would like to have some progress."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 35,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "because {vocalsound} it occurred to me that this is late May and the DARPA meeting is in {pause} mid July ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 208,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "I mean in particular I would {disfmarker} I would really hope that when we do this DARPA meeting in July that we sort of have {disfmarker} we 're {disfmarker} we 're into production mode , somehow {disfmarker}"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What was said on transcripts?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "For the DARPA meeting in July, the group proposed that they should have the question answering mock-up and transcriber interface ready for then, and also have data available."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 35,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "because {vocalsound} it occurred to me that this is late May and the DARPA meeting is in {pause} mid July ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 35,
                            "sent_index": 4,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "I know that we were gonna do something with the transcriber interface is one thing ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 36,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "Well , we were gonna do a mock - up , like , question answering or something , I thought ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 208,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor F",
                            "content": "I mean in particular I would {disfmarker} I would really hope that when we do this DARPA meeting in July that we sort of have {disfmarker} we 're {disfmarker} we 're into production mode , somehow {disfmarker}"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What was the status of transcription?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The final english SmartKom demo will be presented to the whole institute once the system is de-bugged and stabilised."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    []
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What change has occurred to the segmenter?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "Segmentation for the recogniser has been done by hand which the group consider \"cheating\", instead now they want to use Thilo's automatic segmenter."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 105,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "But one issue actually that just came up in discussion with Liz and {disfmarker} and Don was , um , as far as meeting recognition is concerned , um , we would really like to , uh , move , uh , to , uh , doing the recognition on automatic segmentations ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 107,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "Because in all our previous experiments , we had the {disfmarker} uh , you know , we were essentially cheating by having the , um , you know , the h the hand - segmentations as the basis of the recognition ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 109,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "And so now with Thilo 's segmenter working so well , I think we should {pause} consider doing a {disfmarker}"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What is the status of the segmenter",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The classifier segmentation work is going well, but needs more data to improve results since non-native speaker data cannot be used."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 369,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "I mean , it 's {disfmarker} I guess one thing we 're learning is that the amount {disfmarker}"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 369,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "because we couldn't use the non - native {disfmarker} all non - native meetings"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 369,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "and {vocalsound} it 's , well , probably below threshold on enough data for us for the things we 're looking at"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 369,
                            "sent_index": 4,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "because the {vocalsound} prosodic features are {pause} very noisy and so you {disfmarker} you need a lot of data in order to model them ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 369,
                            "sent_index": 7,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "But we did find that some of the features that , I gue Jane would know about , that are expressing sort of the {vocalsound} distance of , um , {vocalsound} boundaries from peaks in the utterance and {vocalsound} some {pause} local , um , range {disfmarker} pitch range effects , like how close people are to their floor , are showing up in these classifiers ,"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What change has occurred to the segmenter?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "To improve the performance of Thilo's automatic segmenter, this is going to be retrained and adapted to run with Thilo's posteriors and speaker background models."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 109,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "And so now with Thilo 's segmenter working so well , I think we should {pause} consider doing a {disfmarker}"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 134,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD C",
                            "content": "We should {disfmarker} we should consider doing some extra things , like , um , you know , retraining or adapting the {disfmarker} {vocalsound} the models for background noise to the {disfmarker} to this environment , for instance ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 137,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "And , yeah , using Thilo 's , you know , posteriors or some kind of {disfmarker} or {disfmarker}"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}