{
    "domain": "Academic(icsi)",
    "ami": null,
    "icsi": null,
    "qmsum": {
        "general_query_list": [
            {
                "query": "Summarize the meeting",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The meeting discussed the progress of the transcription, the DARPA demos, tools to ensure meeting data quality, data standardization, backup tools, and collecting tangential meeting information.",
                    "The team was making good progress on the transcription but was still concerned with correcting some of the data.",
                    "Besides that, they were working on adapting the THISL GUI for their project and figuring out visual tools for meeting participants to help them know when their recording equipment was failing.",
                    "The team also discussed collecting additional information, like laughter and breath data as well as meeting notes."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ],
                    [
                        3
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 1,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "If we can't , we can't . But uh we 're gonna try to make this an abbreviated meeting"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 1,
                            "sent_index": 6,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "Agenda is {disfmarker} according to this , is transcription status , DARPA demos XML tools , disks , backups , et cetera and"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 54,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So I 've been working on using the THISL tools to do information retrieval on meeting data"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 54,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "And so I 've written some tools to convert everything into the right for file formats ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 259,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "I don't think anyone has done this on meeting data"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 332,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 335,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 3,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "Transcription status ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 4,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "They 're making great progress ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 11,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "as a somewhat segue into the next topic , um could I get a hold of uh the data even if it 's not really corrected yet"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 19,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Um and then just {disfmarker} we 'll have to remember to delete them once the corrections are made ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 54,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So I 've been working on using the THISL tools to do information retrieval on meeting data"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 114,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So if we wanna just do a video - based one I think that 'll be easy ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 251,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "cuz we 're doing this anyway as part of our {disfmarker} you know , the research ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 251,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "visualizing what these features are doing"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 254,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "Yeah . Well , this is to an audience of researchers"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 256,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "to let s the goal is to let them know what it is we 're doing ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 375,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "the {disfmarker} the one that shows up here , {comment} that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 377,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and then you 'll be able to see graphically if your mike is dropping in or out ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 114,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and then we 'd wanna add things like query by speaker and by meeting and all that sort of stuff ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 474,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "have somebody uh take good notes and then that 's part of the record of the meeting ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 611,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Breath and lau"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            }
        ],
        "specific_query_list": [
            {
                "query": "Summarize the discussion on XML tools and meeting data quality",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The team had started moving to XML as their general format to standardize their data.",
                    "Though, there is still concern about the limitations of XML.",
                    "The participants noted that sometimes the mic of one subject catches sound from another.",
                    "They also discussed implementing tools to help participants know when the quality of their audio is bad."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ],
                    [
                        3
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So I 've been doing a bunch of XML tools"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "where you {disfmarker} we 're sort of moving to XML as the general format for everything"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 314,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "Some of these are missing ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 335,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "because with the plain text it 's very easy to skip those things ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 349,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Yeah , and so if you don't fill it in , you 're not gonna get it in the meetings ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 299,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "I 'm just trying to figure out , you know , when Morgan 's voice appears on someone 's microphone are they next to him or are they across from him ?"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So I 've been doing a bunch of XML tools"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 332,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "I mean this is why I wanna use a g a tool to do it rather than the plain text"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 375,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "the {disfmarker} the one that shows up here , {comment} that will flash yellow if the mike isn't connected ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 377,
                            "sent_index": 5,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and then you 'll be able to see graphically if your mike is dropping in or out ."
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "Summarize the discussion on backups and collecting notes with meetings",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The team agreed that it was important to keep good backups.",
                    "Their main concern was the time difference between getting more disks and recording new meetings.",
                    "They did not want to rely on burning CD's at all because of potential loss of data.",
                    "They also started discussing whether it would be a good idea to collect meeting notes from the participants as well, but that would entail installing new infrastructure."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ],
                    [
                        3
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 396,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Um I spoke with Dave Johnson about putting all the Meeting Recorder stuff on non - backed - up disk to save the overhead of backup"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 396,
                            "sent_index": 6,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "He w he 's a firm believer in {disfmarker} in lots of different modalities of backup ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 396,
                            "sent_index": 8,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "This data cannot be recovered ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 398,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and if then a mistake is made and we lose the archive we should have the backup ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 415,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "And I {disfmarker} I think I agree with him ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 405,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "And uh , so the only issue here is the timing between getting more disks and uh recording meetings ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 420,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Um unfortunately {disfmarker} we could burn C Ds but first of all it 's a pain ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 422,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "And second of all the {disfmarker} the write - once burners as opposed to a professional press don't last ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 424,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "but burning them for backup is not a good idea ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 426,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Cuz th they {disfmarker} they fail after a couple years ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 461,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "so that you can {disfmarker} you have a record of whatever it is you 've written ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 474,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "And so the {disfmarker} it seemed like a neat idea ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 474,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "Professor B",
                            "content": "have somebody uh take good notes and then that 's part of the record of the meeting ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 517,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "I mean , it 's still , there 's uh {disfmarker} you know , your point stands about there be {disfmarker} needing to be an infrastructure ,"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What did Grad H think about using XML tools?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "Grad H brought up that they were standardizing the data in XML, though Grad H was not satisfied with the current data format.",
                    "Grad H was also building tools to extract information from XML's in various languages, mainly Java and Perl."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "So I 've been doing a bunch of XML tools"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "where you {disfmarker} we 're sort of moving to XML as the general format for everything"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 261,
                            "sent_index": 7,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "because I 'm not particularly happy with what we have now ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 270,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Um , but I 've installed XML tools of various sorts in various languages"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 270,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and so if people are interested in doing {disfmarker} extracting any information from any of these files ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 273,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "it 's mostly Java and Perl"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What did Grad G think about meeting data quality?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "Grad G thought that it would be important to collect seat information in the key files to know where someone was sitting.",
                    "This would be useful when people had to be bleeped out upon being heard in someone else's microphone.",
                    "Grad G wanted to figure out what seating arrangements led to other participants' voices showing up in the microphone."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 274,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "Oh , quick question on that . Is {disfmarker} do we have the {disfmarker} {vocalsound} the seat information ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 274,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "In {disfmarker} in the Key files now ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 284,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Where {disfmarker} where you 're sitting ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 299,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "I 'm just trying to figure out , you know , when Morgan 's voice appears on someone 's microphone are they next to him or are they across from him ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 301,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Maybe we should bleep that out ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 299,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "I 'm just trying to figure out , you know , when Morgan 's voice appears on someone 's microphone are they next to him or are they across from him ?"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What did grad G think about collecting notes and related data with meetings?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "Grad G thought that it would be helpful to let the participants conveniently bleep things out during the meeting.",
                    "While synchronizing bleeps from during the meeting would require some infrastructure, a faster version could be set up.",
                    "Though, G did think that the synchronization infrastructure would be a useful addition."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 493,
                            "sent_index": 6,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "but suppose you have a group in here and you wanna let them note whenever they think there might be something later that they might not wanna distribute in terms of content ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 493,
                            "sent_index": 7,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "they could just sort of make an X near that point"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 493,
                            "sent_index": 12,
                            "speaker": "PhD G",
                            "content": "but I w I can imagine it being useful just for sort of marking time periods"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 502,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "PhD F",
                            "content": "How do you synchronize the time in the CrossPad and the time of the recording ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 504,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "and that that 's w part of the difficulty is that we need an infrastructure for using the time {disfmarker} the CrossPads"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 511,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "so you have to synchronize at the beginning of each meeting all the pads that are being used ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 515,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "There is an alternative ."
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 517,
                            "sent_index": 3,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "You c I mean , I {disfmarker} when I {disfmarker} when I did it I synchronized it by voice ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 539,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD E",
                            "content": "And {disfmarker} and that way you can synchronize very easily with the {disfmarker} the {disfmarker} the meeting"
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 517,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "I mean , it 's still , there 's uh {disfmarker} you know , your point stands about there be {disfmarker} needing to be an infrastructure ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 539,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD E",
                            "content": "And {disfmarker} and that way you can synchronize very easily with the {disfmarker} the {disfmarker} the meeting"
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            },
            {
                "query": "What did the Postdoc think about collecting notes with meetings?",
                "tokenized_answer": [
                    "The postdoc thought that it was a good idea to collect digital notes during the meeting in principle, but was concerned about the noise it would add to the mic.",
                    "Postdoc thought that notes could even be taken after the meeting, by transcribers.",
                    "All in all, he thought notes were useful for generating summaries."
                ],
                "answer_sentence_index": [
                    [
                        0
                    ],
                    [
                        1
                    ],
                    [
                        2
                    ]
                ],
                "evidence": [
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 455,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "And I have {disfmarker} uh so my {disfmarker} my feeling on it is that I think in principle it 's a really nice idea ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 455,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "On the other hand , I {disfmarker} the down side for me was that I think the pen is really noisy ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 483,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "u but I guess the {disfmarker} the other thing I 'm thinking is if we wanted that kind of thing I wonder if we 'd lose that much by having someone be a scribe"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 483,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "by listening to the tape , to the recording afterwards"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 483,
                            "sent_index": 2,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "and taking notes in some other interface ."
                        }
                    ],
                    [
                        {
                            "type": "PES",
                            "turn_index": 484,
                            "sent_index": 1,
                            "speaker": "PhD F",
                            "content": "why do we need notes ?"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 485,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Postdoc A",
                            "content": "Oh it 's la it 's useful ,"
                        },
                        {
                            "type": "CES",
                            "turn_index": 486,
                            "sent_index": 0,
                            "speaker": "Grad H",
                            "content": "Because that 's summary ."
                        }
                    ]
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}